[Security Solution] Add OpenAPI Generator User Guide (#189946)
elastic/kibana: packages/kbn-openapi-generator/docs/USAGE_GUIDE.md

## OpenAPI Generator (`kbn-openapi-generator`) Usage Guide

> OpenAPI code generator (`kbn-openapi-generator`) could be used to generate runtime types, documentation, server stub implementations, clients, and much more (later just artifacts) given OpenAPI specification. Usually the main goal is to generate Zod schemas and related TypeScript types and integrate them into routes implementation and the other code. This guide focuses on mainly on that topic.

Reviewer: `(later just artifacts)` I'm not sure what this means?

Author: I changed the into text a bit to improve readability.

Any OpenAPI spec files should conform to [OpenAPI Specification 3.0](https://swagger.io/specification/v3/). OpenAPI Generator supports a subset of the specification.

### How to organize files with OpenAPI specs?

> You have quite a lot of freedom on organizing your OpenAPI specs and code generator supports any valid OpenAPI. Though we recommend to follow rules derived from using OpenAPI specs and code generation in Rule Management team

Reviewer: I'd consider reversing the order of the sentences here to encourage people more strongly to follow the recommendations. We (you) have put a lot of thought into how to structure these schemas, so I think it makes sense to say basically "follow our example if possible because it'll save us all some headaches, but there's flexibility if you need it". Putting the flexibility first makes it sound like they should use the flexibility even if they don't need to IMO.

- All your OpenAPI specs should be under a single domain folder with clear ownership assigned to your team via `.CODEOWNERS` file.

> - Prefer placing OpenAPI specs in a package (see `kbn-securitysolution-lists-common` or `kbn-securitysolution-exceptions-common` for examples). Generated artifacts can be easily imported into the other packages or plugins. Having specs in a package simplify reusing (you don't need long relative paths `../../../../my.schema.yaml`) of common OpenAPI primitives like `NonEmptyString` or `UUID` defined in `kbn-openapi-common` package.

Reviewer: ++ this is a key point

- Split API endpoint declarations into separate files. The rule of thumb here is having one HTTP Method declaration per file. For example you want to declare two endpoints `GET /api/my/data` and `POST /api/my/data` so you need to create two OpenAPI spec files for them.

> - Make sure you define `operationId` for each path item.

Reviewer: Can you provide an explanation of what `operationId` is/why it's important?

- Make sure file name matches defined `operationId`.
- Feel free to group OpenAPI specs inside domain folder in smaller groups according business logic.

> - In the majority of cases importing `.gen.ts` file directly may complicate further OpenAPI schemas reorganization. To mitigate this problem prefer usage of index files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Importing directly from `.gen.ts` files tightly couples code imports to the schema folder structure, complicating any future schema reorganizations. To mitigate this problem prefer usage of index files.
```
Something here about tight coupling would help clarify this point

> > **Info:** By default OpenAPI code generator expects OpenAPI spec files named `<my-name>.schema.yaml`. If it's absolutely necessary to use another suffix make sure OpenAPI code generator picks file up by expecting generating script where `generate()` function is invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Info:** By default OpenAPI code generator expects OpenAPI spec files named `<my-name>.schema.yaml`. If it's absolutely necessary to use another suffix make sure OpenAPI code generator picks file up by modifying generating script where `generate()` function is invoked.
```

#### Example

You can find an example package's folder structure

- kbn-solutionname-domain-name-common
  - api
    - business feature A
      - create_entity.schema.yaml
      - delete_entity.schema.yaml
        ...
    - business feature B
      - read_configuration.schema.yaml
      - update_featureB_entity.schema.yaml
        ...
  - scripts - openapi_generate.js
    ...

### How to enable code generation?

By default OpenAPI code generator generation produces artifacts for `components` defined in OpenAPI specs but disabled for `paths`. `x-codegen-enabled` custom property allows to enable/disable code generation for particular path item or components. `x-codegen-enabled: true` should be always added to path items you want to enable code generation for.

> > **Warning:** When code generation for path items is enabled OpenAPI code generator produces Zod schemas and TS types for request body, request parameters and successful response. ==You DON'T need to define schemas for request body, request parameters and successful response manually.== If you don't see such artifacts most probably path items code generation is disabled.

Reviewer 2: Looks like highlighting with `==` doesn't work if it's within a blockquote. But doing `*` or `**` works fine.
